[GAC-45] Initial Version of FlightSQL Readme (#10)
Bit-Quill/arrow: cpp/src/flightsql_odbc/amazon-timestream-odbc-driver/flightsql-readme.md

> # FligthSQL ODBC Driver

Reviewer: FYI - after your PR is merged, I can move this read me file as part of my PR #9. Or if #9 is merged first, I might have to ask you to please move this file to `cpp/src/flightsql_odbc/flightsql-odbc`

Reviewer: #9  is merged, please rebase your branch onto `GAC-odbc-driver` and move the readme to `cpp/src/flightsql_odbc/flightsql-odbc`. 
Tip: On GitHub Desktop, you can drag 2 commits together to form a squash:
https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/managing-commits/squashing-commits-in-github-desktop

![image](https://github.com/Bit-Quill/arrow/assets/96995091/aab99d8a-d357-486f-a7aa-9fde79918052)

Author: Done

## Overview 

> ODBC driver for Apache Arrow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ODBC driver for Apache Arrow Flight SQL.
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.

## Pre-requisites 
1. Visual Studio 2022 needs to be installed.
  - Latest version is recommended
2. Install VCPKG and set `VCPKG_ROOT`.
  - Latest version is recommended.
  - To update go to the VCPKG_ROOT folder and execute `git pull` and  `bootstrap-vcpkg.bat` 
3. CMAKE version 3.25.1

## Driver Building (Windows)

Open Visual Studio Developer PowerShell or Powershell and run `./build_win32.bat` or `./build_win64.bat` to build the 32-bit and 64-bit driver correspondingly. The .bat file will build and install the dependencies and the driver.

### Build Troubleshoot Guide

| Error | Root Cause | Fix|
|-------|------------|----|

> | CUSTOMBUILD : CMake error : The source directory "C:/<repo_folder>/build/flight_sql/ApacheArrow-prefix/src/ ApacheArrow" does not appear to contain CMakeLists.txt. [C:\Dev\forked-flightsql-odbc\build\flight_sql\ApacheArrow.vcxp roj] | current CMAKE version 3.28 has issues in build the project | downgrade to the 3.25 version |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CUSTOMBUILD : CMake error : The source directory "C:/<repo_folder>/build/flight_sql/ApacheArrow-prefix/src/ApacheArrow" does not appear to contain CMakeLists.txt. [C:\Dev\forked-flightsql-odbc\build\flight_sql\ApacheArrow.vcxproj] | current CMAKE version 3.28 has issues in build the project | downgrade to the 3.25 version |
```
nit - spaces
